Hello dear viewers and subscribers
my channel here I am here for real and
it means that we are with you
continue our passage on gta
Vasiti
which we seek out secrets and easter eggs
who left lance developers this
episode number 9 and it will be great
part of sober as we
touch on the riddle today and ufo and
combine this topic with the film studio
as this is quite a mysterious place
new so not stupid i think that everything is all
get comfortable, but we
getting started
why i decided to combine the movie studio and
UFO
but it's just because at the film studio
there are channel references ok but just
Now we are going to the movie studio x we will
to understand
but here we are now I have arrived
stumbled upon an incomprehensible object in the sky
which you can't see but it shows how
object leaving a trail
Maybe this is on the street although who knows
here you can build a whole bunch of conjectures and
come to a common opinion
here he even flashes darkness i by the way i
found another oddity which
sends us episode pro victor lenso
brother lance
well you have to remember the episode okay
Moving on, but referring to the fact that
in the game at least somewhere before must
be it on and ufo
now you say yes it is absurd how are you
you can say no guys i'm sure
that in the game she is I will try to you
prove let's go to the scene
whom we were looking for ghost victor advance
in one of the episodes myth and legend gta
wai city
here we are
let's look at bell blue sky
here you see this here they are unidentified
flying objects
but this is my personal guess since here
it's really not clear what flies in the sky
strange flight path of these
unidentified flying objects by the way
they can be seen only in this place
no longer where you see them okay
son scrap we kind of small
figured out what is coming back
film studio
so I came across a rather interesting
hangar you he says nothing
first glance the most ordinary film set
playground
but it is only at first glance as I already
said in gta nothing ever happens
just okay I explain everything to you
how you should know first
a space flight
carried out the Soviet cosmonaut Yuri
gagarin in 1961 precisely at that time
there was a technological race between the USSR
and america so here's a soviet man
first flew into space and and uttered
the legendary went before the start well
America in turn after learning that
Soviet Russia 1 visited space
decided to make a fabricated film about
the fact that they say America was the first
space, although their development lagged behind
USSR so America shouted that they
straddled the cosmos even taking the view from the moon
but what the hell when experts started
study videos
they agreed that
America fabricated its space flight
since the flag cannot evolve on
the moon and a number of questions arose where did
funnel that was supposed to stay
after landing the ship on the moon why
the sun's rays fall unevenly
reflection through astronaut's helmet
reflect
spotlight so we understand that
even rockstar games in gta wai city
show how silly and ridiculous it looks
the deception that America organized and here
by and see how would this very studio in
which was filmed already flying into space
Here are the things guys, but here it is
time to take stock of today
episode before the episode turned out pretty
short but quite informative
I can finally cut the video again
only now I will do it on
weekends here for example now preparing
Mafia release one
continue since some
subscribers ask me to continue
shoot a video of this nature all the more
they are pretty positive unlike
myths and legends
but myths and legends I will not cast
why did the video come out very rarely
I will try to explain the fact that
it's summer study is over a yes
means you have to go to work
I work from Monday to Friday
that's why now the videos will be
go out the weekend
but for example Saturday I will lay out and without
the passage of the mafia is one such drove
I do not apologize for my so long
the lack of channel but here I will
coming to you every weekend with
hope you are still waiting for me
something like this but for now I want to thank
Thank you for telling everyone great
thank you for your patience with whom you
waiting for new videos not subscribe from
channel for me is very important fret
Thank you all guys again for your attention with
you were he to fight to new encounters